Add index state discarded_at / state cancelled_at (#1279)
oban-bg/oban: guides/upgrading/v2.20.md

# Upgrading to v2.20

This Oban release includes an optional, but recommended migration.

> > #### Improve query time for pruning cancelled & discarded jobs
> >
> > The v13 migration needs to be run for the pruner to use indexed queries when 
> > removing jobs that have been cancelled or discarded. 
> 

Reviewer: This is covered below, and I don't believe it warrants an admonition block.

```suggestion
```

## Bump Your Deps

Update Oban (and optionally Pro) to the latest versions:

```elixir
[
  {:oban, "~> 2.20"},

>   {:oban_pro, "~> 1.2", repo: "oban"}

Reviewer: This is rather outdated, and incompatible with current versions of Oban.

```suggestion
```

]
```

## Run Oban.Migrations for v13 (Optional)

> The v13 migration adds indexes for [state, cancelled_at] and [state, discarded_at] columns. This is done
> to improve the performance of the Oban.Plugins.Pruner, which prunes completed, cancelled and discarded jobs.
> See (https://github.com/oban-bg/oban/commit/861dfa55e4e3e3cf65a3882baccca64c7fbcbc3d#diff-dae8a75e38cc8e3b8a29cf54657560da701f191a872e9d47c6c4fbf4c036cabcR157-R158). This will significantly improve the performance of the pruner when pruning large oban_jobs tables, with little to no impact on smaller tables.
> 

Reviewer: No need to be quite so specific, or link to the commit:

```suggestion
The v13 migration adds compound indexes for `cancelled_at` and `discarded_at` columns. This is
done to improve `Oban.Plugins.Pruner` performance for cancelled and discarded jobs.
```
